Added support of useRemoteAddress envoy configuration. (#43522)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/servicemesh/ingress-reference.rst

Envoy will also set the ``X-Envoy-External-Address`` header to the trusted client
address, whatever that turns out to be, based on ``X-Forwarded-For``.

When you cannot trust ``X-Forwarded-For`` provided by clients (for example, when not using

> cloud loadbalancers), you can enforce envoy to ignore this header by

Reviewer: Nitpicks:

```suggestion
cloud load balancers), you can force Envoy to ignore this header by
```

Envoy will also set the ``X-Envoy-External-Address`` header to the trusted client
address, whatever that turns out to be, based on ``X-Forwarded-For``.

When you cannot trust ``X-Forwarded-For`` provided by clients (for example, when not using
cloud load balancers), you can force Envoy to ignore this header by
setting ``useRemoteAddress`` to ``true`` in ``gatewayAPI`` or ``ingressController`` sections of values files.

> For more information: https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_conn_man/headers.html#x-forwarded-for

Reviewer 2: nit for better rendering of the link to readers:

```suggestion
For more information, see the `Envoy X-Forwarded-For`_ headers documentation.                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                   
.. _Envoy X-Forwarded-For: https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_conn_man/headers.html#x-forwarded-for
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! It will definitely look better.
